feat(eslint): define all eslint rules that are used (#1)
AxisCommunications/eslint-config-typescript-shareable: README.md

Typescript ESLint shareable config

> This config intends to provide a list of recommended rules that can be reused across projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This config provides an explicit list of linting rules so you can use the same rules across different projects.
```

Author: Done.

> The rules that are provided in this config are mostly best practices for the React and JavaScript code but are strict for the TypeScript code.

Reviewer: Not sure what is meant here?

Author: Replaced.

> If you think that some rules are unnecessary or missing feel free to create an issue or pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rules we have should:
- not enforce any visual style (use prettier for that)
- not enforce any particular coding style (functional, React hooks)
- be well-behaved (e.g. forcing use of nullish coalescing can lead to worse looking code)
- be allowed or error, not just warn

If you want to add a new rule or change an existing rule, please create an issue or pull request.
```

Author: Done.
